docs: installation guide (#62)
FuelLabs/docs-hub: docs/guides/docs/quickstart/building-a-smart-contract.mdx

## Installation

> Please visit the [installation guide](guides/installation) to install the Fuel toolchain binaries and pre-requisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please visit the [installation guide](guides/installation) to install the Fuel toolchain binaries and prerequisites.

Make sure to follow the steps to install the `beta-4` toolchain.
```

> Please visit the Fuel's [installation guide](guides/installation) to install The Fuel toolchain binaries and pre requisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please visit the [installation guide](guides/installation) to install the Fuel toolchain binaries and pre-requisites.
```
